Add docs on signal handling (#31)
djangsters/redis-tasks: docs/source/index.rst

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

How it works
==================

Signal handling
---------------

In order to assure reliable task processing, ``redis-tasks`` ships with the
``SIGTERM`` and ``SIGINT`` signals handling, making it compatible with

> platforms like Heroku. When one of the signals is sent, the ``WorkerProcess``

Reviewer: We should discuss this since it a duplication with iwan PR (and my suggestions there).

requests shutdown from the ``WorkHorse`` (a process taking care of a task). The

> ``WorkHorse`` ensures that the task was handled properly and interrupts the task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``WorkHorse`` ensures that the task has been handled properly and interrupts its processing only during the actual run.
```
I am not sure about this but wanted to avoid `task` word repetition.
